So let me tell a few words about the concrete algorithm.
First we have to initialize the educates at random.
So far we have initialize the weights OK at random but we gave them a well-defined value everything
go wait.
So first we have to initialize the weights at random.
Then we have to calculate the error on every iteration.
We have some training data and some results from our own network itself.
For example the X or logical relation we have the training data 0 0 for example and the output for this
zero.
Then the next training data zero on the output for this given training data is on for the next training
day to 1 0.
The output is worn down for one.
The output is zero.
So we have the inputs as x y pairs because in this situation we have two inputs.
We calculate the sound we all use and the activation function as usual we get an output value and the
output is not always the same as the output value in the training data.
That's why we have air or terms and that's why we have to change the edge weights in our own network.
So we calculate the changes of the weights and they do weights accordingly.
This is the back propagation process and we keep iterating these steps until the network error is small.
How we do back propagation.
OK we have to consider some other issues.
How to calculate the errors exactly.
What are the gradients.
We have to calculate the know the data for every single an on.
And that's when we can do that propagation.
We are going to talk about it in the coming radios.
So we have this feed for now to the network with a single hidden layer.
We initialize the actuates at random.
There will we basically run or network on the training data.
We have the sound function.
We use activation functions.
For example if the input is 0 0 and we have the edge weights like this then of course we get 0 0 0 because
no matter what are the educates if we move to apply them by zero.
Of course the results will be zero.
So the output will be zero and the error is zero.
Because for the X or logical relation when the input is 0 0 0 we should end up with 0.
The error is 0.
What if the input is 0 1 then we should get one for the X or logical relation.
We calculate this and we come to the conclusion that the sum is equal to the 0.35 we apply the step
function which is going to use plus 1.
Then we calculate the next.
Now we're on the sum is a minus zero that's 78.
If we apply the step function or we get zero.
This is why it will be 0.
Then we calculate the sum for the loss.
Now we're on in the hidden layer.
It will have the sum zero that 2:56 if we apply the step function the value will be warm.
So this is how we calculate it and recalculate the output one time 0 that 78 plus 0 times 0.5 plus 1
times minus 0.4.
If we apply the step function that the result will be zero.
So we get zero.
We out on that network but we should get one according to our training data.
So of course there's an error here.
So what do we have to do with Iran or an hour on that on the training data.
We get the calculated output.
This is the forward process because we have the imports and we keep feeding the information for the
next layer then the next layer.
So that direction is from the input layer in the direction of the output layer.
So this is the forward process.
We have the ideal low to boot because it is a superb learning method.
Then we calculate the error term which is for example of the calculated output minus the ideal output
and we update the actuates accordingly.
Okay how do we do it.
We have to calculate the gradients we have to use learning rate and the momentum we are going to consider
these terms in the coming videos.
But after we have updated the educates of course we have to run out on that to work again because the
educates have been updated.
So there's going to be a different calculated outputs which may be better then we calculate the ADD
or term again.
And on every single iteration the order will be smaller and smaller.
So we have to iterate until the error it is small enough.
OK so far so good.
Then the last questions are how we calculate gradients.
Why do we have to use learning grade and what is the momentum.
These are the questions that we are going to discuss in the coming videos.
Thanks for watching.